Tyrannosaurus Rex#12 to 20 feet tall#9,900 to 31,000 lbs#Triceratops, Edmontosaurus, Corythosaurus, Tyrannosaurus#Tyrannosaurus rex was one of the most ferocious predators to ever walk the Earth. With a massive body, sharp teeth, and jaws so powerful they could crush a car, this famous carnivore dominated the forested river valleys in western North America during the late Cretaceous period, 68 million years ago.#Ankylosaurus#5.6 feet tall#11,000 to 18,000 lbs#low-lying plants#Ankylosaurus had a low, broad body with almost turtle-like or armadillo-like proportions and a wide, flattened head with two pairs of horn-like structures projecting from the back. The front of the jaws bore a beak, and the rest of the jaws contain rows of small leaf-shaped teeth.#Stegosaurus#21 to 30 feet long#2,300 to 6,800 lbs#moss and cycad#These were large, heavily built, herbivorous quadrupeds with rounded backs, short fore limbs, long hind limbs, and tails held high in the air. Due to their distinctive combination of broad, upright plates and tail tipped with spikes, Stegosaurus is one of the most recognizable kinds of dinosaurs.#Velociraptor#6.8 feet long, 1.6 feet tall#20 to 40 lbs#Protoceratops, Shuvuuia#The Velociraptor lived in a desert like environment. Fossil specimens have been found in northern China and Mongolia in the Gobi desert. The incubation period of the eggs is roughly 10 days. they can care for themselves at around 3 months old. The young Velociraptor reaches maturity in about a year's time. The adult Velociraptor will meet a mate & lay eggs of it's own. Researchers have long suspected that Velociraptors were feathered rather than covered with reptilian scales. In 2007, a study published in the journal Science found that a Velociraptor mongoliensis fossil had quill knobs—bumps along its forearm that anchor feather quills to the bone and are common in modern birds.#Spinosaurus#14 to 24 feet tall,5 feet long#14,000 to 17,000 lbs#Onchopristis, Mawsonia#Like other spinosaurids, Spinosaurus possessed a long, narrow skull resembling that of a crocodile and nostrils near the eyes instead of the end of the snout. Spinosaurus lived in a habitat that may have been humid, like a swamp, where it could hunt coelacants, sawfish, groupers and ambush small crocodiles. Its fossils have been found in Egypt and Morocco, with possibly a similar dinosaur called Oxalaia found in South America.#Triceratops#9.5 to 9.8 feet high, 30 feet long#11,000 to 15,750 lbs#cyad, palm trees#These dinosaurs likely lived in dry, forested areas and plains where vegetation was plentiful. Ferns, cycads, and palms, were likely plentiful in these habitats. The jaws were tipped with a deep, narrow beak, believed to have been better at grasping and plucking than biting. Triceratops teeth were arranged in groups called batteries, of 36 to 40 tooth columns in each side of each jaw, with 3 to 5 stacked teeth per column, depending on the size of the animal.#Gerbil#4.4 inches long#0 to 1 lbs#seeds of various grasses, bulbs, and a range of leaves and herbs#Gerbils were originally known as desert rats before they were introduced to North America and Europe as a companion species. Although they are rodents, they are a distinct group of animals from rats. Gerbils are able to shed their tail if it gets caught. This self-defence adaptation allows them to escape predators that are able to catch their tail as they try to flee. Their tails are around the same size as the rest of their body and their whole body, including their tail is covered in fur. Gerbils build extensive networks of underground tunnels. They spend most of their time in these burrows, only tending to leave to find food and water.#Giganotosaurus#44 to 46 feet long#9,300 to 30,000 lbs#Argentinosaurus, Sauropod#The longest meat-eating dinosaur yet discovered is Giganotosaurus who stood 12 feet tall (at the hips). It walked on two legs, had a brain the size of a banana, and had enormous jaws with 8-inch long serrated teeth in a 6-foot (1.8 m) long skull. Giganotosaurus had the same flat, serrated teeth that are characteristic of other carcharodontosaurids, which would have allowed it to easily slice through the flesh of its prey.#Aye-Aye#1.5 feet long#4 lbs#seeds, fruits, nectar and fungi, insect larvae and honey#The aye-aye is a long-fingered lemur, a strepsirrhine primate native to Madagascar with rodent-like teeth that perpetually grow and a special thin middle finger.  It is the world's largest nocturnal primate and is characterized by its unusual method of finding food: it taps on trees to find grubs, then gnaws holes in the wood using its forward-slanting incisors to create a small hole into which it inserts its narrow middle finger to pull the grubs out.#