Batman#Batman is a superhero published by DC Comics. Operating in Gotham City, he serves as its protector, using the symbol of a bat to strike fear into the hearts of criminals. Unlike other superheroes, Batman is often depicted to lack "superpowers", instead using lifelong training and equipment to fight crime. His secret identity is Bruce Wayne, a rich playboy and philanthropist who swore to fight crime after witnessing his parents' brutal murder. He has served as a member of various teams, including the Justice League, the Justice Society of America and the Outsiders. Batman is also the founder and leader of various teams, including the Batman Family, Batmen of All Nations and Batman Incorporated. He also goes by numerous nicknames, including "The Dark Knight", "the Caped Crusader", "World's Greatest Detective" and the "Defender of Gotham".#1#174.63#1241.0#6.1#Doctor Strange#Doctor Stephen Vincent Strange, M.D., Ph.D is the former Sorcerer Supreme and Master of the Mystic Arts. Originally being a brilliant but arrogant neurosurgeon, Strange got into a car accident which resulted with his hands becoming crippled. Once Western medicine failed him, Strange embarked on a journey to Kamar-Taj, where he was trained by the Ancient One in the ways of Magic and the Multiverse. Although he focused on healing his hands, Strange was drawn into a conflict with Kaecilius and the Zealots, who were working for Dormammu and had sought to merge Earth with the Dark Dimension to find an eternal life. Following the demise of the Ancient One and the defeat of Kaecilius, Strange then became the new protector for the Sanctum Sanctorum, seeking to defend the Earth from other inter-dimensional threats.#1#87.09#7824.0#8.6#Green Lantern#Alan Scott is the original super-hero known as Green Lantern. The weapon he wields is a mystic power ring that turns his thoughts into energy constructs. Although he has never actually been a member of the Green Lantern Corps, his ring taps into the same power source that fuels them. His adventures originally took place during the Golden Age on Earth-Two, but he was introduced into mainstream continuity during the Crisis on Infinite Earths. His family includes his two children Jade and Obsidian along with his wife Molly Mayne. As one of the oldest heroes still active today, Alan Scott continues to fight against evil relentlessly and also acts as a mentor to the younger generation of metahumans in need of guidance. He is a founding member of the Justice Society of America and the All-Star Squadron, and also a member of Checkmate and the Sentinels of Magic.#1#109.92#572.90#7.5#Goku#Son Goku, born Kakarot, is a Saiyan raised on Earth and the overall main protagonist of the Dragon Ball series. Kakarot originally was sent to destroy Earth as an infant, there he would be adopted by Grandpa Gohan who named him Son Goku. A head injury at an early age alters Goku's memory, ridding him of his initial destructive nature and allowing him to grow up to become one of Earth's greatest defenders. He constantly strives and trains to be the greatest warrior possible, which has kept the Earth and the universe safe from destruction many times.#0#10.98#9001.98#13.0#SpongeBob SquarePants#SpongeBob is a childish, joyful, dim-witted, and clumsy sea sponge who lives in a pineapple with his pet snail Gary in the underwater city of Bikini Bottom. He works as a fry cook at the Krusty Krab, a job which he is exceptionally skilled at and enjoys thoroughly. He attends Mrs. Puff's Boating School, and his greatest dream in life is to receive his boating license. Unfortunately, he tenses up whenever he has to drive a boatmobile, and he drives recklessly. SpongeBob is very good-natured and loves to hang out with his best friend Patrick. His driving teacher is Mrs. Puff and his boss is Mr. Krabs.#0#210.56#1087.74#987.5#